Ok ok ok
I see, good boss.
The secretary of the president of Shangguan Group just called
The Shangguan family has agreed for me to cooperate with you
How is the comparison between Shangguan Group and Xiao Family?
The Shangguan family who owns the Shangguan Group call me far red
Although slightly uglier than the Xiao family
But it's also one of the top competitors in the world.
Very good, if you can cooperate with Shangguan Group
Just a few more words to deal with the Xiao family
Yes, let me take a look for you.
This is the president of Shangguan Group
What about Shangguan Yarou?
It is pretty
But it's just a little chilly
Then you hurry up and send someone to talk about cooperation.
Ok boss
I'll do it now.
Muse bound successfully target Shangguan Yarou
Can trigger hidden reward strategy
Success will get 10x refund.
What!
10 times
Ah, I just remembered.
This is such an important collaboration that I should go in person
Come on, give me the address.
How did you send it so fast?
Oops, send me the address.
Go first
Hello, I'm looking for a project to ask you.
Do you have a date?
There should be, what do you mean should?
Did you go back and figure it out?
Do you think our president Shangguan is very idle?
Anyone can see